mustier luca boys
that's enough
date
attack
I go out
com ste
in conclusion
yes of course
explains it with risky
but only as a fact this year alone
who has his left without music
stop like the marini
where is it
no
Saturday dynamo
goodbye
quoto we hear of mons I want to hear
the support
Hello
Yes No
luca you want
thanks to three out of four out of four
what's your name where you come from?
chant I call myself the magona now alive
a voghera from a month before but it was
fano in the brands so much since that
ten years less
a budget curiosity
dick and blood the feeling I was born in
palermo, however, gives us Mauritian origins
parents my parents come from
mauritius take me there after this is
I've never been on my team
warm up immediately
okay
so many beautiful
very good interpretation then aires
done well at the first bellies you have
done
as was that like the valeria marini
without makeup and without music I'm sick
like the marini without make-up
and so the dr therefore and therefore I am
turned around I saw that as soon as I got there
turned and I sent the verse badly not
I understood nothing but it can be
entered tango well
then it's a rare thing then doing
that belly in zarra that the term
to define the belly line so you have me
let it be understood that you understand irati
singing in that way ever
hinted that you understand soul
laren be that though if also enough
zero like me to do for the clubs to do
especially to move the young ladies
especially even those who use the
trouble to dance then
and then there is a timbre
an interpretation that is the kind that
it makes you turn down the volume when it passes
the steering wheel
so i like it bad 6 illegal e
immoral as I was the first me
I finished
if you come with me or what I wanted
in my team
you are very good